hi I'm Iqbal tabor and you know me as
Principal Figgins from Glee i'm also the
honorary principal for super futures
where we help answer the question what
do i want to be when I grow up and how
to get there we all have dreams even me
but reaching them isn't easy it starts
with sharing your dream so I want to
challenge you to share your dream and to
give you some encouragement super
futures and check are launching the data
dream video challenge like super futures
the day to dream challenge is about
inspiring dreams and taking action to
turn them into reality so if you're
between the ages of 14 and 21 you've got
to enter we're searching for the best
expression of personal dream the cool
part is you get to use your own
performance style speech song dance art
powerpoint whatever works for you be
daring think outside the box you're all
rock stars let's see what you got
the winner will receive a trip to
Hollywood for two better yet you get to
meet me we'll have lunch i'll share my
advice for you and if you want you can
even perform your dream with me we'll
also have 10 finalists based on the
number of youtube views who will get a
check occasion package with a free iPad
a year of super coaching and a pair of
skechers shoes I've had a crazy passion
for acting I took the challenge and now
I'm living my dream are you up to the
challenge I'm betting you are and that's
why i'll be waiting to meet you as the
winner in hollywood for lunch a
mentoring session and a tape performance
of us sharing your dream day to dream do
it now go to facebook.com slash super
futures and join the challenge